No lady
I swear to be the same to you
Don't be attracted to any other beauty
Let me discuss something with you
What's up
You know I'm good at medicine
I'm going to open a pharmacy
One is to supplement household expenses
Secondly, it is also to heal and save people
What congratulations.
It seems that artillery and cement work together
How only these are
These are all gifts from the emperor
Princess Consort
Don't you know something?
Jaguar came from northward and southeastern provinces one after another
Those two big things?
Consort, you have contributed a lot
It's a flood in Southeast Province, I know
What does the Beijing Warrior have to do with you?
I just invented a meritorious weapon
Beijing Nengsheng is a proud and brave general
What engineering equipment?
Consort
Are you really over a thousand?
Except for these rewards.
The emperor has decreed that you will enter the palace immediately with the old slave
There are dazzling wounds